Issue and pull request templates (#4)
CERT-Polska/malwarecage: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

## How to start?

Great, so you want to join the development!

First, [set up a development environment](INSTALL.md).

> Since you're going to write new code, use the `docker-compose.dev.yml` method.

Reviewer: Here we have `docker-compose-dev.yml`, maybe should be normalized?

> Since you're going to write new code, use the `docker-compose.dev.yml` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you're going to write new code, use the `docker-compose-dev.yml` method.
```

> Since you're going to write new code, use the `docker-compose.dev.yml` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since you're going to write a new code, we recommend using the `docker-compose.dev.yml` method.
```

If everything went right, the system should be accessible at `http://localhost:80`.

## Development workflow

We use a standard [github fork workflow](
https://gist.github.com/Chaser324/ce0505fbed06b947d962).

1. Fork the repository.

2. Create a new branch. The name does not matter, but the recommended format
  is `feature/xxx` or `fix/yyy`.

3. Work on your changes!

4. If possible, add a test or two to the `tests/` directory.

> 5. TODO: autoformatter configuration

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be filled out?

Reviewer: Currently we don't have autoformatting so WIP

6. When you feel like you're done, commit the files:

```bash
$ git add -A

> $ git status  # check if included files match your expectations

Reviewer 3: I'd rather recommend adding all the files manually because it let's you actually spot if you have some random files from the runtime lying around which are not in `.gitignore` but also shouldn't be commited.

This is very subjective, tho. Depends on sb's workflow.
